Description of all the User Stories handled by all our project.
User Story 1: Suresh leads a healthy lifestyle and does not believe in consuming medicines for each ailment he has had. He needs  to commute mostly during peak hours using the local transport system, as his residence is more than 20 miles from his work. He has been suffering with cough and sneezing since a few days and was diagnosed with Hay Fever. He now wants to have a second opinion before starting his medication and at the same time does not want to spend on consultation fees. 
User Story 2: Anil is an leading insurance agent in Mumbai and has been in the industry for more than a decade now. He has large client base and very good reputation. He has an appointment with a family who is need of an insurance policy of a reputed brand which covers cancer. The client  has also specified that the premium for the policy should be anywhere in the range of Rs.1000 to Rs.5000. They are also keen  on having two options to choose from. With the above perquisites Anil wants to have the information about the policies covered by Aditya Birla (Insurance Company).
User Story 3: Rahul has earned a promotion as a Sr. Business Analyst and will be moving to Mumbai head office from Pune. He will be shifting with his old mother who is suffering from kidney failure and needs frequent dialysis. Rahul also has bought an insurance policy which covers his mother’s treatment. He has found an apartment in Andheri and wants to know which are the hospitals in radius of 10 Kms that comes under his insurance plan.
User Story 4: Due to recent rise in virus outbreaks Indian government wants travellers travelling to Mumbai to be cautious and prepared. Hence, they want to circulate list of top 10 Disease and their Drugs that are common in a month in Mumbai. Also, they want to recommend only those medicines which have least side effects.
User Story 5: Catherine is a Research Head with one of the leading medical journals of Mumbai. She is a well-read person with affinity to the internet. Catherine is publishing an article on well-known doctors based on patients rating and user comments. She needs the details of the doctors who have an average rating greater than 7 based on the recent 10 User comment
User Story 6: Being Human is an NGO of very good repute, working majorly towards the upliftment of children in need. Every year they run several campaigns for children in need. With rise in different kinds of epidemics this year, the management of Being Human has decided to initiate a major activity in this category. Thus, they have planned to supply free medicines to for all major diseases associated with children. Before placing the orders with various companies for the drugs they want to study the details of these drugs along with their prices.
User Story 7: The product management team of a leading insurance company has been evaluating their products  and competitors’ products and their various attributes. With the help of their business analysis team they have concluded that they want to launch a new product in which will cater to all those diseases which are least covered by other insurance companies. At the same time the product also must cover all those diseases which have not been covered by Insurance Companies. The business  analysis team has taken up the task of providing the necessary data with the help of Heat Maps.
User Story 8: Tarun is a pharmacy shop owner in Mumbai. Every season his shop generally has shortage of drugs that cure seasonal diseases. Tarun wants to know the names of the diseases that are common to any season so that he can stock his shop with drugs of those medicines before seasonal outbreaks.
User Story 9: Prakash works as marketing head of a leading drug company. His company recently launched a new drug and Prakash wants to track the popularity of the drug. At the same time he also wants to compare the popularity of the drugs that cure the same diseases as the drug his company launched.
User Story 10: Suraj works for an advertisement company. His clients want to publish an advertisement on the Healthcare Database’s platform, but since online ads are hourly based, they want to publish the advertisement for only 8 hours every day. Suraj wants his clients to publish their ad in the 8 hours which have maximum viewers. Hence, he wants to know the best 8 hours to publish the advertisement out of 00:00 - 08:00 Hrs., 08:00 – 16:00 Hrs., 16:00 – 24:00 Hrs.
User Story 11: Akhil is a government employee working for ministry of health in Mumbai. Last year during seasonal outbreak of Measles there were shortage of drug supplies and beds in Mumbai. This year Akhil wants to be prepared for the seasonal outbreak, hence he wants to know a predictive number on how many patients can be affected by the seasonal outbreak this year based on previous year’s numbers.
User Story 12: Jamila is a traffic police working in a Mumbai. She must stand in the heavily polluted junction daily to control the traffic. She already has diagnosed with Asthma and she has been prescribed with a certain set of medicines. Incidentally she is also having issues with her face and consulted the doctor. Doctor has found that the new disease as Acne and Jamila don’t want to have several medicines for the two diseases. So, doctor wanted to diagnose her by prescribing a new set of medicine that will cover earlier diagnosed disease Asthma and the new one Acne, so that she need not to take several medicines for each disease.
User Story 14: Rachel is a frequent user of Healthcare Database platform, but she rarely remembers names of drugs, diseases, Symptoms, Insurance company, etc. correctly. As a user she wants the platform to suggest her names from the system if she enters misspelled names and tell her whether the misspelled name can be a drug, disease etc.
User Story 13: Due to recent complaints regarding the facilities from the rural areas which are submerged into metropolitan Mumbai, the City health department of Mumbai would like to create a correlation matrix to identify highly negative correlated disease searches with hospitals availability within a range of 7km radius to know locations where to open a new hospital so that the uncovered areas would be covered with all facilities.
User Story 15: Michelle recently visited a doctor and found him very rude. She wants to give a review on this doctor on the Healthcare Database platform, but she does not wat to fill big forms. She wants to have a system which can automatically identify the rating she wants to give by understanding her sentiments from the comment she enters in the system.


